.TH "OBS-IMG-UTILS DOWNLOAD" "1" "2025-05-19" "1.8.0" "obs-img-utils download Manual"
.SH NAME
obs-img-utils\-download \- Download image from OBS repository...
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B obs-img-utils download
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
    Download image from OBS repository specified by `download-url`.
    
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-add\-conditions\fP
Invoke conditions process to specify conditions for image
.TP
\fB\-\-conditions\-wait\-time\fP INTEGER
Time (in seconds) to wait for conditions to be met. Retry period is 150 seconds and default is 0 seconds for no wait.
.TP
\fB\-\-extension\fP TEXT
Image file extension. Examples: [tar.gz, raw.xz]
.TP
\fB\-\-checksum\-extension\fP TEXT
Image checksum file extension. Example: sha256
.TP
\fB\-\-disallow\-licenses\fP
Invoke license REPL to specify any licenses that should not be in the image.
.TP
\fB\-\-disallow\-packages\fP
Invoke packages REPL to specify any packages which  should not be in the image. This can use a wildcard (*) to match a naming pattern like "*-mini".
.TP
\fB\-\-skip\-checksum\-validation\fP
Skip the image checksum validation.
.TP
\fB\-C,\fP \-\-config PATH
OBS Image utils config file to use. Default: ~/.config/obs_img_utils/config.yaml
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-color\fP
Remove ANSI color and styling from output.
.TP
\fB\-\-debug,\fP \-\-verbose
Display debug level logging to console.
.TP
\fB\-\-quiet\fP
Disable console output.
.TP
\fB\-\-download\-url\fP TEXT
URL for OBS download repository.
.TP
\fB\-\-target\-dir\fP PATH
Directory to store downloaded images and checksums.
.TP
\fB\-\-image\-name\fP TEXT
Image name to download from the download-url.  [required]
.TP
\fB\-\-arch\fP [x86_64|aarch64]
Architecture of the image.
.TP
\fB\-\-profile\fP TEXT
The multibuild profile name for the image.
